>>> ONE OF DONALD TRUMP’S
>>> ONE OF DONALD TRUMP’S RECURRING PROBLEMS SEEMS TO BE
RECURRING PROBLEMS SEEMS TO BE HIS EMPLOYEES.
HIS EMPLOYEES. THEY KNOW HIM BEST, BUT THEY
THEY KNOW HIM BEST, BUT THEY CONSTANTLY COME OUT TO CONDEMN
CONSTANTLY COME OUT TO CONDEMN HIM.
HIM. LAST WEEK, MICHAEL COHEN,
LAST WEEK, MICHAEL COHEN, TONIGHT, A FORMER AIDE DISHING
TONIGHT, A FORMER AIDE DISHING ON HIM BEING OUT OF CONTROL.
ON HIM BEING OUT OF CONTROL. JAC
JAC JACK O’DONNELL RECALLED THE TIME
JACK O’DONNELL RECALLED THE TIME HE PUNCHED A HOLE IN THE
HE PUNCHED A HOLE IN THE CEILING, CLAIMING IT WASN’T HIGH
CEILING, CLAIMING IT WASN’T HIGH ENOUGH.
ENOUGH. A PROPERTY THAT MADE A LOT OF
A PROPERTY THAT MADE A LOT OF MONEY BEFORE ULTIMATELY GOING
MONEY BEFORE ULTIMATELY GOING BANKRUPT.
BANKRUPT. HE SAID HE LEFT OTHERS HOLDING
HE SAID HE LEFT OTHERS HOLDING THE BAG.
THE BAG. >> ATLANTIC CITY.
>> ATLANTIC CITY. I MADE A TRUMUNDs AMOUNT OF
I MADE A TRUMUNDs AMOUNT OF MONEY IN ATLANTIC CITY.
MONEY IN ATLANTIC CITY. HUNDREDS OF COMPANIES I HAVE
HUNDREDS OF COMPANIES I HAVE OPENED HAVE THRIVED.
OPENED HAVE THRIVED. >> ATLANTIC CITY.
>> ATLANTIC CITY. I MADE A LOT OF MONEY IN
I MADE A LOT OF MONEY IN ATLANTIC CITY.
ATLANTIC CITY. I MADE A LOT OF MONEY.
I MADE A LOT OF MONEY. >> YOU READ ABOUT IT.
>> YOU READ ABOUT IT. IT JUST DEPENDS ON HOW MUCH YOU
IT JUST DEPENDS ON HOW MUCH YOU READ ABOUT IT.
READ ABOUT IT. O’DONNELL SAID IT WAS SHORT-TERM
O’DONNELL SAID IT WAS SHORT-TERM PROFITABLE BUT LONG-TERM
PROFITABLE BUT LONG-TERM HORRIBLE WITH ALL KINDS OF
HORRIBLE WITH ALL KINDS OF PROBLEMS.
PROBLEMS. AFTER O’DONNELL LEFT, THE CASINO
AFTER O’DONNELL LEFT, THE CASINO DID FILE FOR BANKRUPTCY, CLOSING
DID FILE FOR BANKRUPTCY, CLOSING IN 2014.
IN 2014. NOW, TO BE FAIR, THAT IS JUST
NOW, TO BE FAIR, THAT IS JUST ONE OF TRUMP’S ATLANTIC CITY
ONE OF TRUMP’S ATLANTIC CITY PROPERTIES.
PROPERTIES. HE WAS AFFILIATED WITH A TOTAL
HE WAS AFFILIATED WITH A TOTAL OF FOUR THERE, AND THE COMPANY
OF FOUR THERE, AND THE COMPANY OPERATING ALL OF THEM WENT
OPERATING ALL OF THEM WENT BANKRUPT MULTIPLE TIMES.
BANKRUPT MULTIPLE TIMES. WITH ME IS JACK O’DONNELL, THE
WITH ME IS JACK O’DONNELL, THE AUTHOR OF TRUMP, THE INSIDE
AUTHOR OF TRUMP, THE INSIDE STORY OF THE REAL DONALD TRUMP.
STORY OF THE REAL DONALD TRUMP. THANKS FOR BEING HERE.
THANKS FOR BEING HERE. >> GREAT TO BE HERE.
>> GREAT TO BE HERE. THANKS FOR HAVING ME.
THANKS FOR HAVING ME. >> YOU BET.
>> YOU BET. WHAT DO YOU SEE IN THE TRUMP YOU
WHAT DO YOU SEE IN THE TRUMP YOU KNOW FROM BUSINESS AND
KNOW FROM BUSINESS AND BANKRUPTCY IN WHAT IS NOW THE
BANKRUPTCY IN WHAT IS NOW THE LONGEST SHUTDOWN IN HISTORY?
LONGEST SHUTDOWN IN HISTORY? >> WELL, HE’S NEGOTIATING VERY
>> WELL, HE’S NEGOTIATING VERY SIMILAR WITH TODAY WITH WHAT HE
SIMILAR WITH TODAY WITH WHAT HE DID WITH HIS BANKS.
DID WITH HIS BANKS. HE HAS A STRATEGY, NUMBER ONE,
HE HAS A STRATEGY, NUMBER ONE, WHICH IS SEE IF YOU CAN GET YOUR
WHICH IS SEE IF YOU CAN GET YOUR OPPONENT TO NEGOTIATE AGAINST
OPPONENT TO NEGOTIATE AGAINST THEMSELVES.
THEMSELVES. SO SAY VERY LITTLE.
SO SAY VERY LITTLE. IN THE LITTLE YOU SAY WOULD BE
IN THE LITTLE YOU SAY WOULD BE NO, NO, NO.
NO, NO, NO. THAT’S WHAT HE’S DOING FIRST
THAT’S WHAT HE’S DOING FIRST OFF.
OFF. BECAUSE THAT NEGOTIATING 101, IF
BECAUSE THAT NEGOTIATING 101, IF YOU CAN GET YOUR OPPONENT
YOU CAN GET YOUR OPPONENT NEGOTIATING AGAINST THEMSELVES
NEGOTIATING AGAINST THEMSELVES CONSTANTLY MAKING OFFERS, YOU’RE
CONSTANTLY MAKING OFFERS, YOU’RE IN A POSITION OF STRENGTH.
IN A POSITION OF STRENGTH. THE OTHER THING HE TRIES TO DO
THE OTHER THING HE TRIES TO DO IS HE TRIES TO -- HE BECOMES
IS HE TRIES TO -- HE BECOMES AGREEABLE AT SOME POINT BECAUSE
AGREEABLE AT SOME POINT BECAUSE HE’S VERY GOOD AT THE BACK END
HE’S VERY GOOD AT THE BACK END NEGOTIATIONS.
NEGOTIATIONS. WHAT I MEAN BY THAT IS HE MAKES
WHAT I MEAN BY THAT IS HE MAKES DEALS, SOMETIMES THAT HE HAS NO
DEALS, SOMETIMES THAT HE HAS NO INTENTION TO KEEP.
INTENTION TO KEEP. AND THEN AFTER HE RENEGES ON HIS
AND THEN AFTER HE RENEGES ON HIS DEAL OR HE DEFAULTS ON HIS
DEAL OR HE DEFAULTS ON HIS NOTES, HE THEN PITS THE LAWSUIT
NOTES, HE THEN PITS THE LAWSUIT AGAINST THE INDIVIDUAL AND THEY
AGAINST THE INDIVIDUAL AND THEY WIND UP SETTLING.
WIND UP SETTLING. >> IT’S EASY TO AGREE ON A PRICE
>> IT’S EASY TO AGREE ON A PRICE IF YOU DON’T INTEND TO EVER PAY
IF YOU DON’T INTEND TO EVER PAY FOR IT.
FOR IT. THAT WOULD SEEM TO BE IN THIS
THAT WOULD SEEM TO BE IN THIS SITUATION, THE SHUTDOWN ON THE
SITUATION, THE SHUTDOWN ON THE WORKERSER LET THEM PAY FOR IT
WORKERSER LET THEM PAY FOR IT FOR HOWEVER LONG.
FOR HOWEVER LONG. WHAT DO YOU THINK ABOUT HIS VIEW
WHAT DO YOU THINK ABOUT HIS VIEW OF NEGOTIATING WITH SPEAKER
OF NEGOTIATING WITH SPEAKER PELOSI?
PELOSI? DO YOU THINK ANYTHING ABOUT HER
DO YOU THINK ANYTHING ABOUT HER BOTHERS HIM?
BOTHERS HIM? >> OH, I THINK IT’S VERY
>> OH, I THINK IT’S VERY PERPLEXING FOR DONALD TO BE --
PERPLEXING FOR DONALD TO BE -- HAVE A WOMAN SITTING ACROSS THE
HAVE A WOMAN SITTING ACROSS THE TABLE ON SUCH A BIG, VISIBLE
TABLE ON SUCH A BIG, VISIBLE ISSUE.
ISSUE. I THINK --
I THINK -- >> YOU THINK FROM YOUR TIME
>> YOU THINK FROM YOUR TIME WORKING WITH HIM, THAT HE IS
WORKING WITH HIM, THAT HE IS SPECIFICALLY BOTHERED BY THE
SPECIFICALLY BOTHERED BY THE FACT THIS IS A WOMAN IN POWER?
FACT THIS IS A WOMAN IN POWER? >> OH, ABSOLUTELY.
>> OH, ABSOLUTELY. HE WAS VERY SENSITIVE EVEN TO
HE WAS VERY SENSITIVE EVEN TO PROMOTIONS OF WOMEN WITHIN THE
PROMOTIONS OF WOMEN WITHIN THE ORGANIZATION.
ORGANIZATION. I PROMOTED A WOMAN TO THE FIRST
I PROMOTED A WOMAN TO THE FIRST VICE PRESIDENT OF MARKETING IN
VICE PRESIDENT OF MARKETING IN ATLANTIC CITY.
ATLANTIC CITY. AND THE NATURAL -- THE POSITION
AND THE NATURAL -- THE POSITION SHE HAD REPLACED THE INDIVIDUAL
SHE HAD REPLACED THE INDIVIDUAL WAS ON THE EXECUTIVE COMMITTEE.
WAS ON THE EXECUTIVE COMMITTEE. SO I JUST ASSUMED SHE WAS GOING
SO I JUST ASSUMED SHE WAS GOING TO GO ON THE EXECUTIVE
TO GO ON THE EXECUTIVE COMMITTEE.
COMMITTEE. I PUT HER ON THE EXECUTIVE
I PUT HER ON THE EXECUTIVE COMMITTEE AND HE ALMOST HAD A
COMMITTEE AND HE ALMOST HAD A HEART ATTACK.
HEART ATTACK. HE WAS LIKE, I HAVE A WOMAN ON
HE WAS LIKE, I HAVE A WOMAN ON MY EXECUTIVE COMMITTEE.
MY EXECUTIVE COMMITTEE. IT WAS TROUBLING FOR HIM.
IT WAS TROUBLING FOR HIM. I HAVE SEEN IT FIRST-HAND.
I HAVE SEEN IT FIRST-HAND. AND OF COURSE, TODAY, WE HAVE
AND OF COURSE, TODAY, WE HAVE ALL WITNESSED HIS COMMENTS, HIS
ALL WITNESSED HIS COMMENTS, HIS SEXIST AND MISOGYNIST COMMENTS.
SEXIST AND MISOGYNIST COMMENTS. HE HASN’T CHANGED OVER THE
HE HASN’T CHANGED OVER THE YEARS, AR URI, NOT AT ALL.
YEARS, AR URI, NOT AT ALL. >> LET ME PLAY FOR YOU WHAT HE
>> LET ME PLAY FOR YOU WHAT HE SAID AT TIME.
SAID AT TIME. WE ALWAYS GET ALL SIDES IN HERE,
WE ALWAYS GET ALL SIDES IN HERE, AND HE’S CLAIMED THAT HE WASN’T
AND HE’S CLAIMED THAT HE WASN’T REALLY IN DEBT THE WAY PEOPLE
REALLY IN DEBT THE WAY PEOPLE SAID, AND REALLY FORBES AND
SAID, AND REALLY FORBES AND THESE OTHER GROUPS WERE AFTER
THESE OTHER GROUPS WERE AFTER HIM.
HIM. TAKE A LISTEN.
TAKE A LISTEN. >> IT SAYS THAT YOU HAVE A DEBT
>> IT SAYS THAT YOU HAVE A DEBT OF ABOUT $3.2 BILLION, AND THAT
OF ABOUT $3.2 BILLION, AND THAT YOU’RE LOSING MONEY AT THE RATE
YOU’RE LOSING MONEY AT THE RATE OF $40 MILLION A YEAR.
OF $40 MILLION A YEAR. TRUE?
TRUE? >> FORBES HAS BEEN AFTER ME FOR
>> FORBES HAS BEEN AFTER ME FOR YEARS.
YEARS. CONSISTENTLY AFTER ME.
CONSISTENTLY AFTER ME. THEY TOOK PROPERTIES AND
THEY TOOK PROPERTIES AND DEVALUED THE PROPERTIES.
DEVALUED THE PROPERTIES. THEY SAY THE PLAZA HOTEL IS NOT
THEY SAY THE PLAZA HOTEL IS NOT WORTH EVERYBODY KNOWS IT’S
WORTH EVERYBODY KNOWS IT’S WORTH.
WORTH. IT’S A TOTAL HATCHET JOB.
IT’S A TOTAL HATCHET JOB. >> WHAT DO YOU VIEW AS THE
>> WHAT DO YOU VIEW AS THE LESSONS FOR THE CONGRESS, EITHER
LESSONS FOR THE CONGRESS, EITHER PARTY, AND FOLKS WATCHING THE
PARTY, AND FOLKS WATCHING THE SHUTDOWN AND HIS BEHAVIOR IN
SHUTDOWN AND HIS BEHAVIOR IN FIGURING OUT, OKAY, WHAT’S THE
FIGURING OUT, OKAY, WHAT’S THE SOLUTION?
SOLUTION? >> WELL, LISTEN.
>> WELL, LISTEN. THE SOLUTION HERE IS TO REALLY
THE SOLUTION HERE IS TO REALLY NEGOTIATE.
NEGOTIATE. BUT YOU KNOW, TRUMP HAS A LONG
BUT YOU KNOW, TRUMP HAS A LONG HISTORY, PARTICULARLY WITH DEBT,
HISTORY, PARTICULARLY WITH DEBT, AS YOU JUST DISPLAYED.
AS YOU JUST DISPLAYED. WHERE IT MEANS NOTHING TO HIM.
WHERE IT MEANS NOTHING TO HIM. AND SO THIS IS COMPLICATED, AND
AND SO THIS IS COMPLICATED, AND IT’S REALLY TWO ISSUES.
IT’S REALLY TWO ISSUES. BUT HE HAS -- LISTEN, MY
BUT HE HAS -- LISTEN, MY BUSINESS WAS THE MOST SUCCESSFUL
BUSINESS WAS THE MOST SUCCESSFUL BUSINESS THAT HE HAD.
BUSINESS THAT HE HAD. WE MADE OVER $100 MILLION IN
WE MADE OVER $100 MILLION IN FREE CASH ANNUALLY, AND IT
FREE CASH ANNUALLY, AND IT SHOULD HAVE BEEN HIS CASINO
SHOULD HAVE BEEN HIS CASINO INTERESTS IN ATLANTIC CITY
INTERESTS IN ATLANTIC CITY SHOULD HAVE BEEN THE GREATEST
SHOULD HAVE BEEN THE GREATEST SUCCESS STORY IN THE HISTORY OF
SUCCESS STORY IN THE HISTORY OF GAMING, AND YET, BECAUSE OF HIS
GAMING, AND YET, BECAUSE OF HIS RECKLESS SPENDING, HE CRUSHED
RECKLESS SPENDING, HE CRUSHED THAT BUSINESS.
THAT BUSINESS. I THINK HE’S DOING THE SAME
I THINK HE’S DOING THE SAME THING WITH OUR COUNTRY, IF YOU
THING WITH OUR COUNTRY, IF YOU JUST LOOK AT THE DEFICIT
JUST LOOK AT THE DEFICIT SPENDING AND THE DEBT LOAD HE’S
SPENDING AND THE DEBT LOAD HE’S CONTINUING TO PILE ON.
CONTINUING TO PILE ON. AND THE WORKERS ARE GOING TO
AND THE WORKERS ARE GOING TO SUFFER FROM THIS.
SUFFER FROM THIS. YOU KNOW, HE WILL TAKE ADVANTAGE
YOU KNOW, HE WILL TAKE ADVANTAGE OF THIS OPPORTUNITY IN MY MIND
OF THIS OPPORTUNITY IN MY MIND BECAUSE I DON’T THINK HE’S
BECAUSE I DON’T THINK HE’S REALLY BELIEVED IN THE
REALLY BELIEVED IN THE INFRASTRUCTURE OF THE GOVERNMENT
INFRASTRUCTURE OF THE GOVERNMENT FOR A LONG TIME.
FOR A LONG TIME. >> YOU THINK SPEAKER PELOSI
>> YOU THINK SPEAKER PELOSI CAN’T FOLD ON THE HOSTAGE TAKING
CAN’T FOLD ON THE HOSTAGE TAKING AND THE SPENDING?
AND THE SPENDING? >> I THINK SHE CAN’T FOLD ON
>> I THINK SHE CAN’T FOLD ON THIS.
THIS. I THINK SHE’S GOT TO STAY TOUGH
I THINK SHE’S GOT TO STAY TOUGH WITH HIM, AND YOU KNOW, JUST
WITH HIM, AND YOU KNOW, JUST STICK TO HER GUNS.
STICK TO HER GUNS. NOW, I THINK SHE SHOULD
NOW, I THINK SHE SHOULD COMPROMISE TO SOME EXTENT.
COMPROMISE TO SOME EXTENT. I THINK SHE NEEDS TO START
I THINK SHE NEEDS TO START TALKING HIS LANGUAGE.
TALKING HIS LANGUAGE. BECAUSE LISTEN, ARI, YOU KNOW
BECAUSE LISTEN, ARI, YOU KNOW THIS BETTER THAN ANYBODY.
THIS BETTER THAN ANYBODY. PERCEPTION IS HIS REALITY.
PERCEPTION IS HIS REALITY. AND IF THEY CAN CARVE A WAY TO
AND IF THEY CAN CARVE A WAY TO GET A PERCEPTION HE’S GETTING
GET A PERCEPTION HE’S GETTING WHAT HE WANTS --
WHAT HE WANTS -- >> GIVE HIM SOME KIND OF OFF
>> GIVE HIM SOME KIND OF OFF RAMP SO THE WORKERS CAN GET PAID
RAMP SO THE WORKERS CAN GET PAID AND THE GOVERNMENT CAN OPEN.
AND THE GOVERNMENT CAN OPEN. >> YEAH, EVEN THROUGH
>> YEAH, EVEN THROUGH CONTINGENCYIES OF SOME SORT OR
CONTINGENCYIES OF SOME SORT OR PERFORMANCE ISSUES IN THE
PERFORMANCE ISSUES IN THE FUTURE, BUT GET THESE PEOPLE
FUTURE, BUT GET THESE PEOPLE PAID, I THINK HE WILL GO FOR IT.
PAID, I THINK HE WILL GO FOR IT. I THINK HE WILL MOVE IF THEY
I THINK HE WILL MOVE IF THEY START TO TALK HIS LANGUAGE A
START TO TALK HIS LANGUAGE A LITTLE BIT.
LITTLE BIT. >> MY LAST QUESTION IS, DID HE
>> MY LAST QUESTION IS, DID HE EVER GET MEXICO TO PAY FOR ANY
EVER GET MEXICO TO PAY FOR ANY OF THE BUILDINGS YOU GUYS BUILT?
OF THE BUILDINGS YOU GUYS BUILT? >> NO, I DON’T BELIEVE SO.
>> NO, I DON’T BELIEVE SO. >> I JUST WANTED TO CHECK.